Hi within this lecture we're going to continue building our Kenya app.
So far we have designed our game right now.
First things first.
I'm going to make sure that when a user taps on Kenny it's actually refreshes the scar it increases
the score and shows it on our score label.
And in order to do that what can we use.
If you say gesture recognizing you're absolutely right.
Because that's where I'm going to go.
So I'm going to create a gesture recognize her and I'm going to assign them one by one to our Kenny's.
Of course first I need a score variable to keep track of this score right.
I'm going to initialize this as zero and then later on I'm going to do what I have to doing in we've
did load because that's very it's going to take place.
So I want them to happen when the first user launches this app.
Like what.
Like creating a gesture recognized.
So I believe you know how to do that right.
First let me make sure that score labeled text displays the score.
So I'm going to go for a score.
And with a reverse slash over here I'm going to use my scoring teacher.
And then later on I'm going to go ahead and create my gesture recognize there and then assign it to
be my gesture could nicer in my image of use.
So I cannot do that with one gesture recognize it.
Unfortunately in fact it makes sense to use one gesture recognizing.
But unfortunately that's not how it works in Swift.
That's not supported.
So we have to create each recognize one by one.
So I'm going to call this recognizing one and this will ask for a target.
And of course the target will be south.
And you know why this is right because we're going to choose the selector function in our view controller
and I'm going to create this function just for once.
Hopefully this is supported and swift so I can just call it to increase score and all this function
is going to just increase the score by 1 and display it on the text score labeled that text.
Okay.
So we have to make sure we put flunking here and in the action I'm going to go for a selector and increase
score.
So that's good.
I'm going to create this recognize there for nine times so I'm going to copy and paste it for nine times.
So one two three four five six seven eight nine so you can change it in a fast way.
Okay.
One two three four five six seven eight nine.
And you can choose the same function.
Okay.
So increase score will do the thing for all of this recognizes.
And now I have to make sure that these are recognizable as are assigned to related Image view so I'm
going to go ahead and say can you one dots even recognize or gesture recognize her right.
So how do we do that add gesture her and we're going to add recognizing one in here.
So I'm going to copy and paste is nine times as well and I'm only going to change the numbers.
So this is four five six seven eight nine and I'm going to assign the relate to the recognizes as also
one two three four five six seven eight nine.
OK that's cool.
And in fact we have to make sure that these images can be clicked.
These images can be tapped.
So before we do that we have to say can you one ease user interaction enabled to.
So I'm going to do that for nine times as well.
So after we do this boring stuff will be over I promise.
So you have to do this though.
So can you one these user interaction enabled.
So I'm going to copy and paste is nine times as well.
So one two three four five six seven eight nine.
So let me see two for three.
Five six seven eight.
And we need the one more so nine.
And this all will be true.
So we are good to go.
We have created our kidney's me.
We made sure that we created the recognizes and we assigned them to be.
Gesture recognizes all the lighted imagery use.
So far so good.
Now we're making progress.
So let me increase the scoring here.
All I want to do is just say score plus equals 1.
So it will add 1 to the current score.
OK.
And of course I had to say score labeled that tax is going to be score reverse slash and score because
that will refresh the current label.
OK.
So I believe we can test is right now right.
I did that in the we did load as well.
So these may cause a little bit confusion for you but if I don't do this here it will just refresh this
core variable but it won't refresh the score label because this code will only get called once once
D we did load gets cold.
And after that it won't get cold.
So we have to make sure we add this line here.
So as you can see when I tap on this it increases the score.
So let me try a retaining here.
So it seems that it works on all of the cases.
So we are good here.
So we managed to increase the score right so we can move forward.
We have to make ways to animate these kidneys and we have to make ways to count down from some certain
number and we have to make a way to store our high score.
And we are going to do all of this in the following lectures.